street food Street foodies welcome to
the bonus recipe we are making potato
balls or young you mama
young you is another word for potato and
ma is the word for this action and also
a product of this action here's what
you'll need some potatoes that's the
only ingredient for the sauce you'll
need a few veggies from a village in
there
after you peel the potatoes you grate
them into a pulp using one of these
special graders you can also chop them
add some water and blend them for an
even finer pulp now you're gonna need
one of these steam cloths you want to
get all the water out so you string the
potato pulp and then you squeeze out as
much of the water as you can the best
public when you're done is you go like
this next you want to add the potatoes
start just like that bare essence of the
potato in Chinese cooking they like to
use almost every part of the food it's
about completeness when it comes to
eating and it's very important so you
let this start to sink to the bottom
then you scoop it up it's super stiff
you mix the pulp and the starch you can
also add process start if you don't want
to
step potato starch is pretty corrosive
so you want to wash out your grater and
your steam cloth right after you're done
set some water onto steam then form the
pulp starch mixture into balls or other
shapes if you want and place them on the
steam clock and the steamer ten minutes
and they're done while they're steaming
you make a sauce good trick you chopped
up some green pepper onion and about
three Tomatoes heat some oil until it's
very hot use more oil than you think you
showed us how we roll each other you fry
the onion about 30 seconds and add the
tomato stir mashing it around add some
salt and you add the green pepper mostly
just for color as in most cultures
different colors carry different
connotations red in China is lucky
yellow is prestigious if you wear a
green hat that means your wife is
cheating on you got me said sometimes if
your wife wants to tease you she'll say
something like you better act right I'm
gonna buy you a green hat how did that
piece of culture come about I have no
idea I just know as bad news of your
Celtics fan so our sauce is done and our
potato balls are done they'll turn a
little great and once they're cooked
through that's totally normal
they're extremely glutinous and
extremely bland but that's why you made
the sauce if the table balls are
basically just a vehicle for the sauce
you can dip them in other stuff too you
make them taste like whatever you want
if you want to flavor the actual potato
ball you can add ground up veggies
ground up meat the same principle just
make sure you squeeze out all the water
so you can add just about any flavor
they're filling they're versatile
northern ashanty cuisine hey if you guys
like recipe shows I want you to check
out my friend she's got one of the
tightest kitchens around right now
super clean great recipes really
versatile if you pay her a visit give
her a shout-out from me and make sure
you subscribe to our Channel
if you make these potato bulbs at home
please let me know how they turn out
Street food is all new next week I'll
see you then Street